model/User.java
 model.User
service/user/UserService.java
 service.user.UserService
service/club/ClubService.java
 service.club.ClubService
model/Coach.java
 model.Coach
service/type/ITypeService.java
 service.type.ITypeService
controller/CoachController.java
 controller.CoachController
repository/IPlayerRepository.java
 repository.IPlayerRepository
model/Type.java
 model.Type
service/player/IPlayerService.java
 service.player.IPlayerService
controller/ClubController.java
 controller.ClubController
aspect/ExceptionHandler.java
 aspect.ExceptionHandler
service/player/PlayerService.java
 service.player.PlayerService
config/AppInit.java
 config.AppInit
service/user/IUserService.java
 service.user.IUserService
fomatter/ClubFormatter.java
 fomatter.ClubFormatter
model/Player.java
 model.Player
model/Club.java
 model.Club
controller/PlayerController.java
 controller.PlayerController
aspect/Aspects.java
 aspect.Aspects
repository/IClubRepository.java
 repository.IClubRepository
service/IGeneralService.java
 service.IGeneralService
service/club/IClubService.java
 service.club.IClubService
repository/CoachRepository.java
 repository.CoachRepository
fomatter/TypeFormatter.java
 fomatter.TypeFormatter
repository/ITypeRepository.java
 repository.ITypeRepository
service/type/TypeService.java
 service.type.TypeService
controller/TypeController.java
 controller.TypeController
config/AppConfig.java
 config.AppConfig
repository/IUserRepository.java
 repository.IUserRepository
controller/UserController.java
 controller.UserController
